''Your love is love
or just pretence?''
''Love me truly or else
let it be a coquetry! ''
''You are philander, o' beloved !
You are coquet! ''
''My love is an absolute truth ! ''
''Listen to me. '' Hey, listen. ''
''It's pure as a drop of dew,
fresh and innocent! ''
''O' beloved, you are sweet
butterfly! And you are a stunner. ''
''Why don't you look at me?''
''Why don't you come near me?''
''I am like a fluttering bird. ''
''I will tease you and get away. ''
''Why don't you get hold of me?''
''Get hold of me, forever! ''
''I am brimming with youth. ''
''You are philander, o' beloved !
You are coquet! ''
''My love is an absolute truth ! ''
''It's pure as a drop of dew,
fresh and innocent! ''
''O' beloved, you are sweet
butterfly! And you are a stunner. ''
''Come here and sit with me. ''
''I want to say something to you. ''
''I have life's time
to enjoy your youth. ''
''And I am going to do it leisurely. ''
''Let me crave for you. ''
''How can I ever grasp. . ?''
''Come on, tell me?''
''How can I ever grasp
your beauty in one go?''
''O' beloved, you are sweet
butterfly! And you are a stunner. ''
''You are philander, o' beloved !
You are coquet! ''